# Node.js  Package Maintenance Team Meeting 2020-06-16
## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/D47AoyjM2cM
* **GitHub Issue**: $GITHUB_ISSUE$

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Andrew Hughes (@andrewhughes101)
* Beth Griggs (@BethGriggs)
* Owen Buckley (@thescientist13)
* Dominikas

## Agenda

## Announcements

* Upcoming session at OpenJS World collaborator summit. Hope to see you there.
 
*Extracted from **package-maintenance-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/package-maintenance

* pkgjs housekeeping: AUTHORS / LICENSE files [#368](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/368)
  * Discussion around what we put into the copyright, not sure we came to conclusion
  * Question as to whether we need the authors file
  * Discussion mostly around contributors reference and how to do
  * Will not use authors file, instead the link to github contributors page

* node-fetch is looking for help [#360](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/360)
* Axios Outreach [#322](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/322)
  * Owen - related to the axios outreach agenda item
  * found 2 other requests for help lodash, testing library on twitter
  * Issue to capture process for people asking for help:
    * https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/372
  * We have two audiences
    * those who want to help team help others
    * those who want help
  * Michael very good point, that we need some `landing/starting` points for maintainers as 
    much of what we have is for those that want to help.
  * Owen will open PR to add section for that.

* \[docs\] Docs/issue 309 governance models  [#356](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/pull/356)
  * Waiting for input, let’s try to get it in for collab summit.

* Submit sessions to Collab Summit [#335](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/335)
  * Current scheduled at 12 GMT-5 on the 26th.

* Dependents tooling [#327](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/327)
  * Progressing, maybe to demo in next meeting or meeting afterwards
  * Dominikas - should have spin-off session? Bethany, Andrew yes, lets set one up
    after OpenJS World.

* PkgJS Org for WG supported tooling [#271](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/271)
  * draft governance https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/pull/338
  * draft PR to charter WG - https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/pull/880

* Next steps on Support levels in Package.json [#192](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/192)
  * Michael: Need to get back to moving thes support tool forward.

* Owen, we should move docs from draft to done - https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/373

## Project Board Review (maybe, if time permits).

Ask participants about the state of [Project Board](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/projects/1) and necessary changes if time permits.


## Q&A, Other


## Upcoming Meetings


* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar


Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
